{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red12\green98\blue201;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c47451\c82745;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Here's the recipe, from\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://hostthetoast.com/best-chewy-cafe-style-chocolate-chip-cookies/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 http://hostthetoast.com/best-chewy-cafe-style-chocolate-chip-cookies/}}\'a0(There's a video there as well)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa100\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 INGREDIENTS
\b0 \
2 cups + 2 tablespoons all purpose flour\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1 teaspoon baking soda\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2 teaspoons cornstarch\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1 teaspoon salt\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1 \'bd sticks (6 oz) unsalted butter, melted and cooled\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1 cup dark brown sugar, lightly packed\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'bd cup granulated sugar\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2 large eggs\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2 teaspoons vanilla extract\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1 1/2 cups dark chocolate chips, plus more for topping\

\b INSTRUCTIONS
\b0 \
In a medium-sized bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, cornstarch, and salt. Set aside.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 In a large bowl, beat together the cooled melted butter and the sugars with a hand-mixer for about one minute. Then, add in the eggs and vanilla extract. Beat until just combined.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Slowly add in the dry ingredients and mix briefly, just until there are no flour clumps left. Fold in the chocolate chips.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Cover and refrigerate the dough for 30 minutes to an hour.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Remove the dough from the refrigerator and preheat the oven to 350\'b0F, making sure you have the racks in the middle of the oven. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Scoop 1/4 cup of cookie dough at a time and roll into balls. Then, tear the balls in half by pulling gently on both sides. Smush the two halves together again, but this time have the lumpy, torn sides face upward. Place on the prepared baking sheet, making sure the cookies have plenty of space to spread. You should be able to fit 6-8 cookies on each tray.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Bake for about 12-14 minutes, rotating half-way through, or until the cookies have spread out and the edges are golden, but the centers of the cookies still look soft and undercooked. Every oven is different, so I recommend starting with just one or two cookies on the tray to see what baking time works best for you!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Let the cookies cool on the baking sheets until the cookies are firm enough to remove, about 15 minutes. As the cookies are cooling, press additional chocolate chips into the tops for a more bakery-style look.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Repeat with remaining batches, until all cookies are baked. Enjoy with a cold glass of milk!\
}